# GEMXMARKETS
CLOUDX-ARC. TEMPLESTONE
ALL MY LIFE, IVE ALWAYS WAS REARED IN THE CUSTOMS OF KEEPING PETS. FROM BIRTH, AND INTO ADULTHOOD IVE CARED,AND TRAINED THE MOST INTELLIGENT,OBEDIENT, AND LOVING FRIENDS THAT A MAN COULD HAVE. FOR A LITTLE OVER 7 YEARS IVE CARED AND TRAINED A BLACK WOLF WHO EAGERLY EXPECTS TO BE FIELDED AND BROUGHT INTO ATTENDENCE FOR REVIEW AND READIES HIMSELF FOR GUIDANCE AS SOON AS I AWAKE. HE CAN EVEN COUNT MY STEPS AND APPEARS TO KNOW WHAT TIME SIMONS SAYS. IVE ALWAYS BEEN AWARE THAT SOME MEN AROUND MY TOWN HAVE GATHERED TO DISCUSS HOW BEST TO REMOVE HIM FROM THEIR COMMUNITY BECAUSE OF HIS AGGRESSIVE AND HOSTILE ADVANCES  UNTO THEM. IF I CANT CONTROL HIM ONE OFFICER IMPLIED, ILL HAVE IMPOUND HIM INTO THE PARISH SHELTER AND ACCESSED HIM FOR HUMANE DISPOSAL THROUGH SLEEP INJECTIONS. HUNTING HAS ALWAYS BEEN A HOBBIE OF MINE, AND TRAINING HIM HAS BEEN MY DAILY ACTIVITY FOR LIVING ROUTINE AND HE IS HANDY ON THE QUICK STEP. I CAN ALWAYS COUNT ON HIM READY TO STALK AND LOCATE OPPORTUNITY. RECENTLY VOLUNTEER FIRST RESPONDER APPROACHED AS I WAS CUTTING MY PARENTS GRASS IN THE FRONT YARD. HE WAS A NEW MEMBER AND I COULD TELL TAKE HE WASNT FAMILIAR YET TO THE COMMUNITY. HE SAID THAT THE NIGHT BEFORE TEENAGER RIDING HIS BIKE DOWN A SIDE ALLEY AND WAS ATTACKED. IT APPEARS HE WAS MAULED SO BAD THAT THE EVENT HAD LASTED TILL THE DOG JUST SAID HE HAD ENOUGH. THE KID WAS IN ICU AND THEY DONT KNOW WHEN HE'll AWAKE TO COMMENT. THAT THE STATE POLICE ARE SEARCHING AND INTERVIEWING RESIDENTS AND OFFERING A REWARD IN THE SUM OF 10000 WITH ANYONE WHO HAS INFORMATION LEADING TO WHOSE RESPONSIBLE. WHEN ALMOST ON CUE A TOWN EMPLOYEE DROVE BY WHO HAD BEEN HARRASSED BY MY BLACK WOLF WHO WENT BY THE NAME WILPUD, APPEARED TO BE TAKEN TO KNOW HIS POSITION IN THE YARD MIGHT BE. HE WAS INSIDE HES COMFLY CAGE. 2DAYS LATER STATE POLICE WITH WARRANT CAME AND SEIZED HIM ON THE ACCOUNT I HAD NEVER REGISTERED HIM IN OCCORDANCE WITH LOCAL KENINE LAWS CONCERNING HIS TERRIBLE BREED. IM ASKING WHAT SHOULD I HAVE DONE. 
